At this point I don't even know if I'm using the dictionary at all, or maybe I'll only use the dictionary, I don't need the time sorting unless I implement a search that prioritizes time and at this point I don't see that happening. Essentially the goal now is to find a way to call this method and refresh the data being pulled into the table when recipes are added/deleted so that the table is updated to reflect these changes. I should look at the RW tut on this and see how they attacked add and delete in their program. Other goals for tomorrow include documenting methods and looking for ways to clean up code and places where methods should be condensed or moved as it makes sense with the program.Todo:    -update table on add/delete    -make sure data structures add sorted on add/delete    -pick which data structure to use, delete other    -clean up code    -document codeDictionary is out. I'm just using a list sorted by name, I don't need the time sorted one as I'm not making a plan feature at the moment and if I decide I want one then I can implement it later. Search is something I may add in the future, though I've removed the button for that now as I don't want to worry about it at the moment. If I do end up putting a search feature in, I might have to add more data structures for the search to work, as the table is sorted by name so finding a specific recipe when you know the name isn't a challenge. The two biggest priorities right now are to document the code (and I've even created a nice little code snippet to help me with that) and making the add/delete functions work. Adding now makes you have a name, main ingredient, and prep/cook times in order to submit the recipe, I want to find a better way of checking the fields though than the way it is right now, so that you can type and hit add without clicking on a different field first. The issue with add is that I can't get it to update the table after adding the recipe to the recipe book, and I don't know how to go about doing that. I need to figure out how to update when...Halfway through that last comment I had a few ideas, and was able to throw together a working program. Adding and deleting work, though they could both use touchups. The big thing I still want to do is code documentation, and possibly some cleaning. I might upload to github after the documentation, and then move on to the cleaning and touchups after it's up there.Todo:    -Documentation    -Add/delete touchups    -Clean code?